9 o'clock already?
Looks like it's going to be another late night.
I just can't seem to catch up.
I'm trying to keep up with everything, but there just never seems to be enough time
in the day.
I'm not a Superman.
Nobody here.
Hmm.
Could anyone have been busier than Jesus?
But you know what?
He wasn't alone.
He had help.
He had his faithful disciples.
He took the time to patiently train them.
He showed his trust in them by giving them assignments.
And he empowered them by giving them the tools that they needed.
Hmm.
How about that?
I don't have to be a Superman.
I just have to imitate the greatest man.
Hey Brandon.
It's John.
Wonder if you can help me with something.